In this lesson we're going to learn how to
run Python programs on a Macintosh.
So the first thing you need to do is open
up a terminal window.
You can get to the terminal program from
your utilities folder.
And the first thing we're going to do is
work with the interactive shell.
So to get to the interactive shell, we
just type Python, that opens the shell.
Now let's run a quick command, print hello
world.
Actually a function, and there's hello
So now let's exit the shell and let's
see how to enter programs using the Pico
Editor.
So type pico, followed by the name of your
program.
In this case it's going to be hellow.py.
Now type in the program, now type
Control-X,
then a Y to save, and then the file name
is as we wanted it, so just hit enter.
Now type Python, and the name of the file,
and that runs the program.
Let's open it up again and make a little
change, let's add a little more code this
time we're gonna write a for loop that
displays hello world 10 times.
So we'll finish typing in print hello
world, then
save in the same manner that we did
before,
now run it again,
[BLANK_AUDIO]
and you'll see that it works just fine.
I'll be showing you most of the lessons on
the Windows machine, but
this is how you're going to do it if you
use a Macintosh.
And with that we've completed this lesson.